添加多人对战文档 (#641)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/multiplayer/guide/js.mdx

---
title: Multiplayer Development Guide - JavaScript
sidebar_label: JavaScript
sidebar_position: 1
---

import { Conditional } from "/src/docComponents/conditional";

## Preface

Multiplayer is a JavaScript game SDK that provides a complete client-side SDK solution for online games with strong networking requirements, thus eliminating the need for development teams to build their own servers and saving most of the development and maintenance costs. The main features provided by Multiplayer are as follows:

- Getting room list
- Creating a room
- Joining a room
- Randomly joining a (eligible) room
- Getting players in a room
- Getting, setting, and synchronizing room properties
- Getting, setting, and synchronizing player properties
- Sending and receiving custom events
- Leaving a room

## SDK Import

> Please read [Installation Guide](/sdk/multiplayer/start/cs/#installation) to get the JS library files.

Reviewer: 这个链接是 C# 的。

## Initialisation

First of all, you need to introduce common types and constants in the SDK.

```javascript
const {
  // SDK
  Client,
  // Play SDK Event Constants
  Event,
  // event receiver group
  ReceiverGroup,
  // Creating Room Signs
  CreateRoomFlag,
} = Play;
```

Note: Cocos Creator can't load `Play` into global variables properly when building `WeChatGame` project, so you need to import `Play` module first.

```javascript
const Play = require("./play");
```

> Next we need to instantiate a client object for the Online Matchmaking SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next we need to instantiate a client object for the Multiplayer SDK.
```
